That is, the rotation was stopped?
Yes.
I was surprised.
How do we say it?
Okay, interesting.
Is it in school or what?
It was a poor thing.
In school?
Yes, in school.
You decided.
Yes, you did.
It's interesting.
How do you...
And she decides...
It's not correct.
Well, you know the rules of the game.
The first rule.
The first and the second.
The third rule.
The first rule.
The fourth rule.
In the tradition of the standard.
And this rules is a simple formula.
It's the rule of the standard.
She helps to decide the goal.
Because when the game has passed...
Well, the strength of work, for example, it's a Violence.
And the focus is already on this trajectory...
This is an electric sun, and you can already see
it on this one.
You already have a radio, it's just around
the distance to the sun.
And during the fall, you'll have to clean it up,
clean it up and keep it.
Okay, cool.
It's very cool.
Yes.
And maybe this is an example for a very small
age.
10 or 12 years old.
I don't know.
Maybe it's from an ordinary life.
I don't remember the story,
in my opinion, of Phinman, where he, in my opinion,
took a small box with a skull,
put it on a jar.
And he tried to follow the trajectory of the jar
to the next one.
Well, it's like a child's example.
Well, the child is interesting.
This is also a physics, in fact.
Well, yes.
Well, yes, yes.
Well, I, well, I have a lot of words.
If you have a peasant box, for example, you can
also count during the fall.
During the fall?
Yes, yes, yes, yes.
So, what's your name?
My name is Kovmitsa.
It may be a mistake.
That is, it's either to fly or to fly.
Depending on the clutch, it may be a mistake, depending
on the speed that it takes.
Okay, sorry.
Thank you.
That's what I was looking for.
And this, I'll just take it now.
Yes,
in the moment.
Rubrikotop 3, your favorite books.
Well, I'll tell you once again,
a box of vanilla, a box of the box.
Why?
And there, as I explained, there is a
philosophy of human
relations.
You didn't have to read it.
I read it.
I read it very often.
There are many different people on the box.
Why can you immediately look at a person, not like
a nationality or his own nationality?
And after a minute, you will calmly talk to them
and talk to them.
Yes.
That's the people of one box.
What is that box?
The box is just divided into boxes.
Yes, it's a common word.
Yes, the word is a common word.
And let's say, you can meet Americans in a minute,
remember that you can work here.
You can talk to them, you can meet them in
5 years.
You can talk to them again.
It's very interesting to talk to them.
Yes, for example.
For example,
this is a approach to physical.
I'm always thinking about it.
I always tried to meet people, with people of my
age.
When we talk about it, there are 300 ,000 people.
I often think that 90 % of people of my
age were there.
I once again say, you are a teacher.
You have chosen so that they are all there.
I feel like it.
Yes, I don't say that.
Every exam, no, it was like,
with a photo, even with a photo.
Yes, with a photo, with a photo, with a photo,
yes, that's it.
This is a few years ago.
And there, another example, when one of such an episode
comes, an American person sat on this island, in the
yard, sat there, and there, where they live, isolated.
And he came to the sky, there, maybe,
and they, let's read it, and he, he says, he
says, he started to learn life, but he has
a lot of useful things in the world.
Theoretically he became such a
guru of this island.
Then he came up with this religion, he was a
mechanism of his own.
This is a concern.
Yes, yes, that's right.
Yes,
that's right.
He came up with a mechanism.
Well,
elements that he learned, they were laughing, I don't remember
anything.
And he started to be not to laugh at his
face.
He is not to laugh,
he doesn't go bad.
He doesn't laugh.
What does he do?
He is a categorical under the fear of death and
prohibits the mechanism.
And then, yes, yes, he prohibits the mechanism.
And once in a year
there is such a public building.
Why did he make a person who knew that he
was a mechanism?
Because at the time everyone was 100 % a mechanism.
Cool example.
You know, maybe
James Cook could not go to the headquarters
on the floor.
And then he said that this is only a priority,
there are old officers there.
Wow!
Yes, yes, I'm interested in everything.
Yes.
Well, yes, it's like that.
And that's it.
This is one book.
Yes.
The second one.
Well, it's from St.
Petersburg.
Yes, it's from St.
Yes.
This is a book or a book.
Well, there are not other books.
Here are some books.
For example.
Yes.
Well, imagine that you there there
well, we walk around, we walk around the cave, there
is something else.
Yes.
We have a TV here.
And suddenly you lie on the ground in the woods.
Yes.
Well,
what to do with it?
Yes.
So, this is an example.
Who left it?
Well, on the ground, they lost it.
I am in danger.
That is, I saw it in the village.
Yes.
And I start to think about it.
For example, in such a situation many find
countries when they start to commercialize something.
How to commercialize those conditions that I said, such things.
That is, my last one is not ready yet.
Yes.
And we sometimes when we say commercialization we say, we
talk about Mercedes, try to commercialize.
Well, if there is no way to sell it to
someone, as if everything was This is a reason.
The monetization, as you say, this is the practice of
the future.
This is also in this plan.
Well, the master of the game is also one of
such things.
Why?
What do you like?
Out of his kind of abstraction and parallel lines that
came there.
it was very popular on physics.
It was closed in his time.
And we read all of it.
Yes.
I had such tools on my computer.
But the machine
did not even give me to read.
I read one night.
You read one night?
Yes.
I read one night.
And where do I go?
To the top.
There.
But this is enough.
We have seen a few locations.
I watched one.
The most I have watched the old version.
Yes.
I have a series.
I have proposed.
But I do not like all the remake.
I do not like it.
You have everything.
This is the whole thing.
Well,
I can't say anything.
But I just like it.
Thank you.
Top 3 films that you like to look at.
And that you recommend to watch.
I do not watch.
I just saw everything.
Kinza -Za.
Yes.
Then there was such a song.
It was not a film.
It was lived in the old age.
It was even a student.
It was such a Georgian film.
There was a guy He hanged
He took it.
And then I remember
a plot like this.
Life can be even.
All of it is very positive.
And then suddenly he hits the car and
Yes.
And everything goes.
And where was the beginning of the film.
Because his friend comes and he talks about it.
Then the head
goes.
And he takes the head
from the wall.
And this head is a star.
This is the beginning of the film.
Then when everyone is going, they show and in the
end
they show
the head and the head who hangs out.
Everything has not happened.
Nothing.
Got it?
It was our time.
Ken Zazawa also I know a lot of people who
have not taken it.
And I have already taken it.
What do you like about it?
About his
crevazirical reflection of reality.
Yes.
Two -fifth.
And the third.
I don't know.
The rest I remember.
Maybe I remember it.
I remember.
But I felt Do you like it?
No.
This scene looks different.
Although in recent films
we have Jin Giskhan.
Hello.
Hello, film.
No.
Chinese films.
Oh, Chinese movies.
Oh, everything.
I was watching all 25 movies with you.
What about you?
Well, I was interested in it.
At first, I read Sai Kalashnikov's book about Jin Giskhan.
I didn't take you to these books.
I was there.
In general,
they didn't go to the head.
I don't have that if everything is fine.
I read Sai Kalashnikov's book about the book.
After that, I saw the book about Jin Giskhan.
And the book about Jin Giskhan is called.
This is an ordinary book about Jin Giskhan.
It has a distinct background.
A secret story about the mind.
I was interested in it.
I went there and played it.
I saw the movie when I saw it.
I saw that it was close to me.
I read it because I had a very interesting story.
All those relationships and people who made this past.
So a great person has left the world and
there are a lot of such moments in which it
becomes clear why such things are happening and not doing
anything.
What is very popular in the last 15 years, in
America, in particular, on the principle of management of the
Txengeskhana.
All the parties, hundreds of thousands of people, there are
different approaches for this.
I read somewhere,
actually.
All these systems of government are transferred,
but they are...
Yes, they see us from the life of a human
practice, and they are optimized for some tasks.
And then, in the same way, they are implemented and
optimized for modern tasks.
I believe that the brain of a person has not
changed at all.
Yes, it is the same.
Great.
In principle, the quote, which is also your principle, you
have already said it, can you repeat it again?
Yes, that is, according to the other word, there are
three posts that you would like to hang yourself in
your own country.
No, no, one of them.
You see, well, I'm going to tell you one thing
that I will talk a lot about.
By the way, I liked it.
The best human being is a person without ambitions.
Yes, without ambitions.
You gave me this machine.
I did it specially.
Well, that's how I...
One thing is called a man, right?
The one who serves the destiny.